capital = 7

oob = "CFD_1967"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
    true_motorised_infantry = 1
    infantry_gear = 1
}

set_convoys = 100


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 26
	fascism = 20
	communism = 18
	neutrality = 24
	reactionary = 12
}

add_ideas = {
###Starting NatSpirts###
	CFD_lacking_order
    CFD_disunited_armed_forces
    CFD_northern_anarchist_threat
    CFD_the_gateway_to_south_america

###Starting Advisors###
	CFD_joao_oliveira_advisor
	CFD_antonio_corpse_advisor		##<-O que morre la.
	
###Governo###
	political_parties_multiparty_system
	economic_focus_early_mobilization
	equal_rights
	bellow_poverty_line
	free_press
	slavery_outlawed
	trade_scope_international_exports
}

###Generals and Country Leaders###
recruit_character = CFD_arnon_afonso_de_farias_mello
recruit_character = CFD_miguel_arraes
recruit_character = CFD_gregorio_bezerra
recruit_character = CFD_pretonio_portella
recruit_character = CFD_inima_siqueira
recruit_character = CFD_joao_bezerra_de_araujo
recruit_character = CFD_hangho_trench
recruit_character = CFD_joaquim_castillho
recruit_character = CFD_nelson_a_silva
recruit_character = CFD_odijas_carvalho_de_souza
recruit_character = CFD_augusto_de_silveira
recruit_character = CFD_NAG_lima

###Military High Command or Alike###
recruit_character = CFD_romeu_sobreira_de_moura
recruit_character = CFD_jose_amorim
recruit_character = CFD_eraldo_leite
recruit_character = CFD_rui_carneiro
recruit_character = CFD_ribeiro_paz
recruit_character = CFD_juarez_tavora
recruit_character = CFD_alberto_sallaberry
recruit_character = CFD_ivan_ruy

set_country_flag = unfinished_cfd

create_country_leader = { #Only for the name.
	name = "Nivaldo Machado"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/SAO/Portrait_SAO_Adhemar_de_Barros.dds"
	expire = "1999.1.1"
	ideology = coronelism 
	traits = {
		
	}
}
